- FILE NAMING:
If there's a system, the only one I've been able to divine is that
files that are accessed directly by the browser or contain mostly HTML
use lowercase_with_underscores; files containing a class or set of
classes are CamelCase with an initial capital and the file name
matches the main class defined in the file; files that are meant as
includes that contain functions rather than classes are camelCase with
an initial lowercase letter.  I don't know that there are any benefits
to this scheme, it's just what we have. (Micah, June 2009)

- GENERAL GUIDANCE:
I think I've hinted several times at the fact that I won't be offended
if you decide something needs a rewrite.  I'm starting to sound like a
broken record, so I'll write a paragraph on it and not mention it to
you again.  Feel free to clean up wherever the code is imperfect,
which means everywhere.  I've worked with some people who seem to feel
that 'clean' means following some 'industry standard' convention that
invariably makes the code longer and harder to read.  I have the
feeling that you aren't one of those people.  By clean, I generally
mean less code; easier to read; easier to debug.  I can be a ruthless
editor, and I want you to feel free to edit ruthlessly as well.  My
pet goal is for the 1.0 core to be smaller in terms of code lines than
0.6, even though it has much greater function.  Currently, the counts
are close to the same, but I'm sure there are many places where fat
can be trimmed.  Trim away. (Micah, June 2009)

- ADMIN MENUS:
I'm not against options, but they should be options that are really
likely to be customized by most (or at least many) libraries.  For
instance, when I added image upload support, I made the thumbnail size
a parameter.  This was just laziness because I didn't want to make a
clear decision.  I can guarantee you that none of my librarians has
ever changed it.  It shouldn't be there.  I don't want to see more of
those. (Micah, June 2009)

- jQuery:
> I would like to get your OK to permanently add jQuery to the ../shared
> directory so that I/we can use it to solve some of the simpler problems

You've got it.  I'm starting to use jQuery in the other web app
project I'm working on right now, and I agree that it will be a big
help in obiblio. (Micah, 29 June 2009)



